Next steps:

*.	Nested property binding. DONE
*.	Converters DONE
*.  Strong property types DONE
*.	Improve performance on tokenizer DONE
*.	Action bindings DONE
*.  Changing data context. DONE
*.  Multiple expressions, each expression has text that matches the whole set of expressions, rather than the expression it related to. DONE
*.  Make calling base constructor easier: DONE
*.  Remove source parameter from binding constructor, its not used. DONE
*.  Observable Collections DONE
*.  Support default properties for bindings. DONE (see next)
*.  Add support for imports in context. (DONE, for photon, other imports need to be considered still)
*.  If DONE
*.  Each DONE
*.  Refactor template, if and each to share cleanup code. DONE
*.  Fix issues with multiple binding, e.g. actions getting bound twice DONE
*.  Get rid of BindingContext for operations DONE

*.  When loading named templates they should be prepared for flow statements before they are added to the cache,
    we then need to think about how we clean named templates.

*.  Computed Model Properties
*.  Ability to call update passing in explicit parent data context, for detached nodes
*.  Propagate data context in templates when no explicit context is specified, e.g. template.data
*.  Support post binding, so we can process flow statements being processed in detached DOMs
    without forcing in a data context where one is not required.
*.  Support some form of BeginInitialize, EndInitialize so selector can complete its configuration in a single go.
*.  Show which expressions have errors when an error occurs
*.  Support default targets for tags, if possible
*.  Support fallback values

*.  Move data context to attribute (may be, we can consider it a custom property, e.g. data-context, data-action, data-template)
*.	Prevent multiple re-evaluations dependencies during getter evaluation
*.	Can execute.
*.  Validation in models?
*.  Better minification.
*.  Support model inheritance
*.  Update source triggers
*.  Abstract template engine and rewriting
*.  Support observables in bindings to selector
*.  Refactor selector for individual property support
*.  Property name without obj for this isn't working on model subscriptions
*.  When using an if, a new data context is pushed
*.  Computer observable properties

We need to seperate the binding tree creation from the actual initialization. Ideally there should be 3 phases.

1.  Parse Expressions

2.  Create bindings for expressions specifying the targets

    A data context will either use a different handler, or a different binding. A handler will should support
    the different stages of creation.

    So when a data context binding is created we will need create a DataContext object, and associate it with the node,
    we will also need to attach it to any parent data context that may be available.

    We should be able to find the first

    There will be no need to implement a getter for the binding as we will only ever be setting as the result of the
    source changing.

    Pros:
        Re-use existing code
    Cons:
        Can't use seperate expression options for DataContext (almost a pro too for consistency)
        Doesn't easily fit in with the model of having different context specifications:
            e.g. data-context="script:", data-context="source:", data-context="id:"

        How would these work anyway? A script binding can always be rewritten,

        data-bind="data-context:expression"
        data-template-context="script:"

        So, in silverlight we would treat data context as a property. If we set the data context of a node it wll be
        set to that value. We cannot have a binding on the same node.

        So, we should replace the data context, with the one we are setting,

        So we could do this

        //
        BindingOperations.bind(node, "data-bind", "value:firstName");
        BindingOperations.bind(node, "data-context", "source:address");

        // Although setting by expression is cool, we should probably support a more rich API, e.g.
        BindingOperations.bind(node, "data-bind", {type:'value':source:'firstName'});

        // Should we clear any data-context attribute?
        BindingOperations.setDataContext(node, data, "name");

        // Setting a data context is a special operation, that sets a data context explicitly.
        BindingOperations.setDataContext(data);

        BindingOperations.clearDataContext(data);

        // when binding nodes we can clear "data-" attributes, e.g. they are just there as instructions.
        This means that when we set the data context for a set of nodes we

        An alternative way to look at data contexts is that is is a value associated with a node, it can be
        get, set, or cleared (just like any other property, attribute, etc.). If there is something bound to
        the data context property in a two way fashion, then when the data context is changed the model property
        it is bound to is also changed.

        How should we handle setting the value for one way bindings?

        e.g. data-bind="data-context:context, mode=TwoWay"

        When the data-context is set explicitly, e.g. setDataContext(node, value) the binding will update the context
        property (mad).

        This would mean we have exactly what we currently have in terms of data context, however, with
        one small change, it will always just have a value, it will not track changes.
        The value is either set explicitly, or set as the result of a binding changing.

        So setting a data context explicitly for a node will set the data context value, it will also create a
        DataContext object that will be used to propagate changes. If there is a binding for a data context on the node
        it will be updated with the value of the context, if the binding is a one way expression then the binding
        will be cleared as it can no longer be honoured.

        The same mechanism can be used for other properties, e.g. if you update a value for a one way binding directly,
        then it will clear the data context.

        data-context="value:context";

        So it seems that in fact a data context is just another type of binding expression. A binding will need to link to a data context,
        so a data context for a data context binding will be its own data context?

        they have a value, or an inherited value, we should be able
        set a data context value and if that data context has a two way binding for the underlying object to get
        updated.





1.  Should protect against having multiple flow bindings on a single element!
3.  Each item in a flow binding may be made up from multiple nodes, in this case we currently create multiple data
    contexts and rebind whenever the data changes. There should be no need for this, we should share a single data
    context, and simply update it via a call to setValue.
4.  Templates that use each do not currently share the optimized diff algorithm.
5.  Should investigate performance of diff algorithm when working with sorted data. One optimization could be to supply
    sorting and grouping options on the binding itself? Another option would be to create the concept of an items
    control with extended properties? For observable arrays we could perhaps notify that we have sorted, in this case
    we can then just re-org the existing nodes (this may NOT be faster).
6.  For observable collections we can make further optimizations as we generally know what the outcome of an operation
    is.
7.  Simplify attaching/detaching to an observable collection for collection sources, perhaps just an object, like
    collection source?, e.g. ItemsSource.setItems();
8.  Make it easier to support disposables on properties.
9.  Make disposable work all the way up to BindingBase (not just specific descendants)
10. Make properties descendants of binding, we could still support the old style via a specific type of descendant
    (for migration).
11. Add support for expression triggers, expression triggers fire when an expression changes, you could argue that
    this should be handled in the view model layer, especially for tracking purposes (and perhaps this is true)...
12. Add support for background rebinding on any pojo.
14. Change setTemplate in template entry, to setHtml, setFragment.
15. Fix issues in data-template property, re-it not being able to switch template.
16. Refactor flow bindings to be two separate types.
17. Think about how multiple changes are pushed to the browser, perhaps a render cycle, pushing changes,
    through a dispatcher.
18. Determine what to do about NULL data contexts.
19. A mechanism for manually updating a binding
20. In each renderer should be able to set data context without re-applying all bindings.
21. When re-applying bindings to elements whose data contexts are not inherited from their visual parents
    things should work correctly!!!

22. When rendering to NextSibling we break the ancestor chain for finding data contexts. The elements rendered should
    still get their data contexts from the element they are defined within, not from where they sit
    in the visual tree. In affect these elements are blockers....

    <div id="root">
        <div data-flow:"each:items">
           <div data-flow:"if:condition, applyTo:NextSibling">
              <span>Text<span>
           </div>
        </div>
    </div>

21. Consolidate disposable system, create addNodeDisposable, disposeAll, methods etc.
22. Multiple bindings on the same target can share data context information (Would this help, reduce memory overhead? create a
    symetrical link back to the NOdeBindingInfo object for cleaner disposal?
23. Inheritance probably doesn't need to set/clear super type for each method as we don't set super to be the supertype method, we set
    it to the actual type. For this to work though we must verify our inheritance structure works in the way we think it does,
    e.g. calling base when the immediate base doesn't support the method, but its base does.

21. When re-applying bindings to elements whose data contexts are not inherited from their visual parents
    things should work correctly!!!

22. When rendering to NextSibling we break the ancestor chain for finding data contexts. The elements rendered should
    still get their data contexts from the element they are defined within, not from where they sit
    in the visual tree. In affect these elements are blockers....

    <div id="root">
        <div data-flow:"each:items">
           <div data-flow:"if:condition, applyTo:NextSibling">
              <span>Text<span>
           </div>
        </div>
    </div>

DONE

2.  Nested flow bindings will cause fragments to be created and BOUND within fragments, at the point of binding the
    parent root data context is not available so binding fails. To over come this at the moment we copy the data
    context down, this is the wrong solution as it creates too many data contexts, it also means we have to keep those
    contexts in sync as changes are made (see if binding hack for details).

    This was highlighted by the IF binding, and no longer seems to apply.

DataContexts:

Need a full set of tests for data contexts, covering the following 3 scenarios:

1.  Explicit data context
2.  Explicit data context with a binding (e.g. an each where the root element has a data-context binding)
3.  Inherited data context with a binding, inherit source
    contexts can only occur with binding.

When testing each of these we need to ensure that we work with nested object paths, e.g. prop.prop.prop.
Without this we cannot be sure that bindings and evaluations are applied at the correct times (e.g. .prop could
evaluate to undefined quite happily)

1.  Should verify the behavior of rebinding, both through applyBindings, and updateBindings.

2.  Should work at multiple nested levels.

3.  We need to remember that data-context expression may also contain references to parent data contexts, and so have
to be evaluated at the correct level.

<div data-flow="each:items" >
    <div data-bind="data-context:$data.Path" > source:item, value:item.Path
    </div>
</div>

$data is dataContext(0) so we must ensure that this is consistent, so in this case $data is the item, so this means that
we really do need to operate the _value switch mechanism we are employing!!

4.  We need to verify what the behavior is when an inherited data context with a binding, becomes a direct data context.

5.  We need to ensure that other bindings on the data context node use the correct data context value.

Delayed Updates

With delayed updates we need to work on how we prioritize updates, for example: applying updates to elements that will
be removed as part of a flow binding change will be waste-full, and could even cause exceptions to be thrown if the
child expressions are not valid.

For this to work we must prioritise as follows:

    Flow control bindings rank higher than simple data bindings.
    Flow control bindings at higher levels should be handled before lower levels, but what about cascade affects? For example,
    a change that triggers child bindings to be updated that are about to be invalided? SHouldn't matter....






